Update view-email-security-reports.md (#2259)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/view-email-security-reports.md

- An Exchange Online Protection, *and* Advanced Threat Protection add-on (Plan 1 *or* Plan 2)
- A Microsoft 365 E5 subscription

> This is a 'click-centric' report that has two aggregated views which shows data for the last 90 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a 'click-centric' report that has two aggregated views that shows data for the last 90 days.
```

1. The first view is by *URL click-protection action*, which is focused on showing the number of URL clicks by users within the tenant, and the result of the click. A click here indicates that the user has clicked through the block page to the malicious website (this can be disabled by the administrator within a Safe Links policy).

2. The second view is *URL click by applications*, which shows the number of URLs click in different applications that support Safe Links today, such as in an email client or in Microsoft Word. Data in both aggregated views are refreshed once every 4 hours.

> The details table of the URL Threat Protection report provides a near-real-time view of all clicks that happen within the tenant for the last 7 days, and it includes investigative information such as *username*, *URL*, the *network message ID* (if the URL was clicked from an email), and other valuable pieces of information useful for investigations and analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details table of the URL Threat Protection report provides a near-real-time view of all clicks that happen within the tenant for the last seven days, and it includes investigative information such as *username*, *URL*, the *network message ID* (if the URL was clicked from an email), and other valuable pieces of information useful for investigations and analyses.
```

![Encryption report](../../media/encryptionreport-defaultview.png)

> When the report first opens, you'll see data about encryption methods used on email messages for the past seven (7) days. You can change the date range and the details that are displayed in the report by clicking **Filters** in the upper right corner of the screen. The aggregate view allows for filtering for the last 90 days while the detail view allows for 10 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the report first opens, you'll see data about encryption methods used on email messages for the past seven (7) days. You can change the date range and the details that are displayed in the report by clicking **Filters** in the upper right corner of the screen. The aggregate view allows for filtering for the last 90 days, while the detail view allows for filtering for 10 days. 
```

![Threat Protection Status report](../../media/0ff86e12-c2b2-4d89-92a5-cefb054dc070.png)

> When you first open the Threat Protection Status report, the report shows data for the past seven days by default; however, you can click **Filters** and change the date range for up to 90 days of detail. (If you are using a trial subscription, you might be limited to 30 days' of data.) note that the detail view filtering only allows for 30 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first open the Threat Protection Status report, the report shows data for the past seven days by default; however, you can click **Filters** and change the date range for up to 90 days of detail. (If you are using a trial subscription, you might be limited to 30 days' of data.) Note that the detail view filtering only allows for 30 days.
```

![Malware Detections Report example](../../media/a1ba61a3-565a-46d6-b0d5-6a6cff6b31d7.png)

> Similar to other reports, like the [Threat Protection Status report](#threat-protection-status-report), the report displays data for the past seven days by default. However, you can choose **Filters** to change the date range. For the aggregate view filter, it only allows for 90 days while the detail view filter only allows for 10 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to other reports, like the [Threat Protection Status report](#threat-protection-status-report), the report displays data for the past seven days by default. However, you can choose **Filters** to change the date range. The aggregate view filter allows for 90 days, while the detail view filter only allows for 10 days.
```

![This report shows the top malware detected for your organization](../../media/3fded224-fb31-4713-86f2-8afce5ce2991.png)

> Below the chart, you'll see a list of detected malware and how many messages were detected as having that malware. The aggregate view filter only allows for 90 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the chart, you'll see a list of detected malware and how many messages were detected as having that malware. The aggregate view filter only allows for 90 days.
```

![Use the Show Data For list to view specific information](../../media/bd91449f-7d42-4749-8666-7b44044049b8.png)

> Below the chart, you'll see who the top email senders or recipients were, along with a count of messages sent or received for the given time period. note that the aggregate view only allows for 90 days filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the chart, you'll see who the top email senders or recipients were, along with a count of messages sent or received for the given time period. Note that the aggregate view only allows for 90 days of filtering. 
```

When you hover over a day in the chart, you can see how many spoof mail messages came through.

> Click (or tap) the report to open it in a new browser window, where you can get a more detailed view of the report. To learn more about anti-spoof protection, see [Anti-spoofing protection in Microsoft 365](anti-spoofing-protection.md). the aggregate view of the report only allows for 90 days filtering, while the detial view only allows for 10 days filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click (or tap) the report to open it in a new browser window, where you can get a more detailed view of the report. To learn more about anti-spoof protection, see [Anti-spoofing protection in Microsoft 365](anti-spoofing-protection.md). The aggregate view of the report allows for 90 days of filtering, while the detail view only allows for ten days of filtering. 
```

![The Spam Detections report tells you how many spam messages were blocked or filtered out](../../media/370ec67d-eb30-4863-bfcf-68a41be02295.png)

> Below the chart, you'll see a list of spam items that were detected. Select an item to view additional information, such as whether the spam item was inbound or outbound, its message ID, and its recipient. To learn more about anti-spam protection, see [Office 365 email anti-spam protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/anti-spam-and-anti-malware-protection). the aggregate view of the report only allows for 90 days filtering, while the detial view only allows for 10 days filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the chart, you'll see a list of spam items that were detected. Select an item to view additional information, such as whether the spam item was inbound or outbound, its message ID, and its recipient. To learn more about anti-spam protection, see [Office 365 email anti-spam protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/anti-spam-and-anti-malware-protection). The aggregate view of the report allows for 90 days of filtering, while the detail view only allows for ten days of filtering. 
```

![This report tells you about anti-malware, anti-spam, and other message detections](../../media/9ea4b606-f27a-46ee-97a7-be018e2b839c.png)

> To learn more about email intelligence, see [Mail flow intelligence in Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/mail-flow-intelligence-in-office-365). the aggregate view of the report only allows for 90 days filtering as well as the detail view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about email intelligence, see [Mail flow intelligence in Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/mail-flow-intelligence-in-office-365). The aggregate view and the detail view of the report allows for 90 days of filtering. 
```
